---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stevan_route Resource - stevan"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Route entities define rules to match client requests. Every request matching a given route will be proxied to its associated service.
---

# stevan_route (Resource)

Route entities define rules to match client requests. Every request matching a given route will be proxied to its associated service.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `headers` (Map of String) One or more lists of values indexed by header name that will cause this route to match if present in the request. The `Host` header cannot be used with this attribute: hosts should be specified using the `hosts` attribute. When `headers` contains only one value and that value starts with the special prefix `~*`, the value is interpreted as a regular expression.
- `hosts` (List of String) A list of domain names that match this route. Note that the hosts value is case sensitive.
- `https_redirect_status_code` (Number) The status code Kong responds with when all properties of a route match except the protocol i.e. if the protocol of the request is `HTTP` instead of `HTTPS`. `Location` header is injected by Kong if the field is set to 301, 302, 307 or 308. Note: This config applies only if the route is configured to only accept the `https` protocol.
- `id` (String) id
- `methods` (List of String) A list of HTTP methods that match this route.
- `name` (String) The name of the route. Route names must be unique, and they are case sensitive. For example, there can be two different routes named test and Test.
- `path_handling` (String) Controls how the service path, route path and requested path are combined when sending a request to the upstream. See above for a detailed description of each behavior.
- `paths` (List of String) A list of paths that match this route.
- `preserve_host` (Boolean) When matching a route via one of the `hosts` domain names, use the request `Host` header in the upstream request headers. If set to `false`, the upstream `Host` header will be that of the service's `host`.
- `protocols` (List of String) An array of the protocols this route should allow. See the [route Object](#route-object) section for a list of accepted protocols. When set to only `https`, HTTP requests are answered with an upgrade error. When set to only `http`, HTTPS requests are answered with an error.
- `regex_priority` (Number) A number used to choose which route resolves a given request when several routes match it using regexes simultaneously. When two routes match the path and have the same `regex_priority`, the older one (lowest `created_at`) is used. Note that the priority for non-regex routes is different (longer non-regex routes are matched before shorter ones).
- `request_buffering` (Boolean) Whether to enable request body buffering or not. With HTTP 1.1, it may make sense to turn this off on services that receive data with chunked transfer encoding.
- `response_buffering` (Boolean) Whether to enable response body buffering or not. With HTTP 1.1, it may make sense to turn this off on services that send data with chunked transfer encoding.
- `route_id` (String) The unique identifier or the name of the route to retrieve.
- `runtime_group_id` (String) The ID of your runtime group. This variable is available in the stevan manager
- `service` (Attributes) The service this route is associated to. This is where the route proxies traffic to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `snis` (List of String) A list of SNIs that match this route when using stream routing.
- `strip_path` (Boolean) When matching a route via one of the `paths`, strip the matching prefix from the upstream request URL.
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the route for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String) id
