---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stevan_service Resource - stevan"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stevan_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ca_certificates` (List of String) Array of `CA Certificate` object UUIDs that are used to build the trust store while verifying upstream server's TLS certificate. If set to `null` when Nginx default is respected. If default CA list in Nginx are not specified and TLS verification is enabled, then handshake with upstream server will always fail (because no CA are trusted).
- `client_certificate` (Attributes) Certificate to be used as client certificate while TLS handshaking to the upstream server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_certificate))
- `connect_timeout` (Number) connect_timeout
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Service enabled boolean
- `host` (String) host
- `id` (String) id
- `name` (String) name
- `path` (String) path
- `port` (Number) port
- `protocol` (String) protocol
- `read_timeout` (Number) read_timeout
- `retries` (Number) retries
- `runtime_group_id` (String) The ID of your runtime group. This variable is available in the stevan manager
- `service_id` (String) ID **or** name of the service to lookup
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the service for grouping and filtering.
- `tls_verify` (Boolean) Whether to enable verification of upstream server TLS certificate. If set to `null`, then the Nginx default is respected.
- `tls_verify_depth` (Number) Maximum depth of chain while verifying Upstream server's TLS certificate. If set to `null`, then the Nginx default is respected.
- `updated_at` (Number) updated_at
- `url` (String) Helper field to set `protocol`, `host`, `port` and `path` using a URL. This field is write-only and is not returned in responses.
- `write_timeout` (Number) write_timeout

<a id="nestedatt--client_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_certificate`

Optional:

- `id` (String) id
